CONSOLE-5144, OCPBUGS-83823, OCPBUGS-81319: 4.22 SDK fixes (#15655)
openshift/console: frontend/packages/console-dynamic-plugin-sdk/CHANGELOG-core.md

## 4.22.0-prerelease.3 - TBD

> - **Breaking**: The `dynamic-core-api.ts` file has been removed. Plugins should import from the package root. ([OCPBUGS-81319], [#15655])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking**: The `dynamic-core-api` module is no longer provided. Console plugin APIs should be imported from the package index. ([OCPBUGS-81319], [#15655])
```

> - **Deprecated**: `getCSRFToken` from `console-fetch` module has been deprecated. Plugins should directly use `consoleFetch`. ([OCPBUGS-81319], [#15655])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Deprecated**: `getCSRFToken` from `console-fetch` module has been deprecated. Plugins should use `consoleFetch` instead. ([OCPBUGS-81319], [#15655])
```
